Better warning about ilogger setup in asp.net core (#4188)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/logs/getting-started/README.md

`ConsoleExporter`. `ConsoleExporter` simply displays it on the console.

Adding logging providers, obtaining `ILogger` instance, etc. could be done

> differently based on the application type depending on if the application type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
differently based on the application type. It depends on whether the application type
```

> is already setting up a `ILogger` based logging pipeline.

Author: ```suggestion
is already setting up an `ILogger` based logging pipeline.
```

> **Note**

> > Application types like [ASP.NET Core](https://learn.microsoft.com/aspnet/core)

Reviewer 2: It sounds like "application types set up the pipeline" while the actual intention is "applications set up the pipeline".

Consider this: "Certain types of applications (e.g. ASP.NET Core and Worker) have logging pipeline set up by default"
